Hello everybody, and
welcome to this tutorial.
Today, I will open up a chapter
on attacking your home routers,
and not only home routers but
routers in general.
Why is this important?
Well, routers are the first line of
defense for any major network out there.
And if you can break into them,
you can generally do pretty much
whatever you want on the network.
You can actually exclude people from
the firewall rules on the network and
access them directly as well.
That can be a painful experience for
anyone on the other side.
It can also change the DNS settings.
You can set up proxies or something
of a kind, redirection of traffic.
You can serve them whatever
information you want because, for
all intents and purposes,
you are able to decide on what is what.
So when a router requests a URL,
you can tell it it's on this IP address.
Or it's on that IP address.
Or you need to go here.
Or you need to log in here before
you can go there, or whatever.
It provides for all sorts of shenanigans.
Now, before we begin, I would like you all
to go ahead and open up your web browser.
You will need two websites,
nmap.org and Exploit Database.
I have opened up both of
these websites before, but
we haven't actually went over them.
We haven't actually used
much from these websites,
from all the vast resources
that they have to offer.
And if you wish to follow this tutorial
through and do the things that I am doing,
you will need to modify
your commands to an extent.
And you will need to just pay attention at
what you are using, primarily because I
have a router that is set up in my home
for the purposes of this tutorial,
that I have configured for
the purposes of this tutorial.
But your home routers
are likely to be different, and
provided, of course,
that you own your own home router and
that you legally can actually
do whatever you want to it.
Because not all telecoms allow that.
You can then feel free to play around
with it and see what you can do.
You can lock it yourself,
know the password, but
then you can try to break into it.
That's one of very good exercises.
Sometimes, you won't be
able to break into it.
There simply won't be any
vulnerabilities out there, and
you won't have a suitable target for
social engineering or anything of a kind.
But, more often than not, what you
are able to do is fool credentials from
the router, without actual authentication.
These are also some of the exploits that
usually are referred to by link traversal.
And by modifying the URL requests of
the web server of the router,
you are able to pool
certain information from it which
ordinarily would not be available.
Now, a key thing to mention here
is that it is a lot easier to
break into the home routers
as opposed to breaking into
the routers of bigger companies whose
networks are protected by such firewalls.
Primarily because those routers, and
the companies, they are maintained.
Somebody takes care of them, somebody
takes care of the updates, and so on and
so forth.
While, on the other hand, home routers, I
mean, how many, be honest with yourselves,
again, and how many of you
actually conduct upgrades or
firmware on your routers?
And usually there's one exploit.
If you don't update it,
it's gonna stick around there for
a long line of years to come.
Also, if you are wondering, why should
you attack home routers as opposed to
attacking, for example, companies,
organizations, or something of a kind?
Well, if you are providing a pen testing
service, and if you are attempting
to prove that the network is vulnerable
of a certain company who has hired you,
you might not be able
to attack it directly.
But you might be able to attack
the employees' home routers,
where you can actually gather
information on them, and
later on utilize that
information in order to break
into the routers on the main network
within the building of the company.
Anyway, as I said,
if you have permission from your home
router, feel free to play around with it.
If not, then don't.
Feel free to buy a router somewhere for
20 bucks, something of a kind, and you
can set up a pretty decent lab at home.
If you want to figure out what your
home router's IP is, as before,
just type in route.
And after route, nothing really,
just press Enter.
You will get default Gateway.
It's 192.168.1.1.
If you go ahead and copy that,
I'm just gonna start nmap scan of it.
Nmap and paste this.
Give me forward boost output.
So while it's doing that,
let's just go over to our browser, and
here I actually already have it up.
Here I've tried it, if I just reload it.
You see, it says here a username and
password are being requested
at this IP address.
The site says, and
whoever made this router is a true genius,
because it immediately gives me the brand.
Not only the brand, but it actually
gives me the model number of the router.
I mean, this is a technique
called banner grabbing.
Or at least it falls into that category,
I would say.
I can just see the model number here
in clear text, quite literally.
And of course,
when I know this, I don't need to perform
some complex nmap scans to figure it out.
Rather instead, I can just do this,
> Copy > Cancel, and
go over to the Exploit Database.
Click on Search.
It says here, Free Text Search,
> CTRL+V > Search, and there we go.
It says CSRF Vulnerability.
Let's see what this one has to offer.
It says Introduction, TP-Link,
Description of Vulnerability.
And look at the description,
you can easily change the default user's
(admin) password by the default
router page listening on port 80.
In here you the GET will change
the password for you and
the POST request method is not needed for
changing the router pass.
Excellent.
So, through a simple GET` request,
you can change the default admins
password, which is a bit ridiculous.
And here is all the,
here is the exploit, and
here is pretty much everything
that you need to do.
That's it.
Nothing, nothing else.
Here, it's completely described in how
to implement it, and so on and so forth.
But, keep in mind,
that just because there's only one
vulnerability with the exact
specific name of this router,
that does not mean that that is the only
vulnerability that applies to that router.
Always and always,
this is a good practice.
Open up another window,
type in the model number and
type in vulns, there we go.
Press Enter.
So okay, I have
CSRF Vulnerability
listed here, but
lets see this one.
What do we got here?
Excellent.
So here is another one.
It says Default Admin Credentials,
web interface default, if you request,
there we go.
So this is, again, a modified URL request.
Let me just show you what I mean.
I would, of course,
do this in a different manner, but for
the purpose of this tutorial,
I'm just gonna do this manually, /rom-0.
Because I'm a genius who typed a dot.
Excellent, so it says problem
loading the page, unable to load it.
But, see what I got.
I am able to download the rom-0 file and
save it to my computer.
From that point on, I just need a program
which would read through it and interpret
it for me to be able to read it and get
the pass and get the credentials from it.
I will demonstrate this in the follow-up
tutorial, but for the time being,
I just wanted to show you how you
can banner grab, and then search.
And the places that you should search.
You see, it's not actually listed here.
It's probably listed under
a different router name.
Probably just tp link td,
but it doesn't matter.
So, in the follow-up tutorial, I will show
you how we can break into this router of
mine, that I have set up for
this tutorial, by utilizing the rom-0
download runnability, let's call it so,
and actually reading from it.
We're gonna need some tools here in
order to be able to interpret it.
In any case, I bid you farewell, and
I hope to see you in the next tutorial.